and we couldn't think of a better place
a better place to announce this and I
happened so all friends and family
welcome to I thought about
all right so I am here at the ocean
earring booth here at Aiyappa
and SeaWorld Orlando has unveiled their
ride vehicle for their brand new
Antarctica empire of the penguin
attraction coming in spring 2013 to
SeaWorld Orlando this vehicles really
really I love the sleek design here it's
very comfortable to sit in this is gonna
take you through the world of the
Penguins on one of the coldest rides on
planet earth and the the ride tech here
is a motion motion based trackless ride
system first of its kind in the world
and it seats eight people very
comfortably it looks like there's some
maybe speakers maybe stuff to blow cold
air out this and from what I hear you
can choose your own adventure kind of
like your own intensity your own ride
track its trackless so the possibilities
are pretty much endless and I cannot
wait to ride this ride in spring all
right so I'm here with Mike Bo's he is
the vice president of zoological
operations for SeaWorld Orlando how are
you today good morning banks Thank You
friends likes the yellow microphone now
who is this now this is a magellanic
penguin a very distinguished animal
ambassador we have at our SeaWorld Park
now in our new exhibit we're going to
have four different species of penguins
we're going to have Kings gentoos a
delis and rockhoppers so our magellanic
really are the opportunity to go out and
show folks what opera what kind of
animals we can fit our park will hold it
back a little bit now Antarctica Empire
of the Penguins it's just going to be a
terrific exhibit and interaction for our
SeaWorld Park we just unveiled the ride
element today it's inline linear non
tract family-friendly ride that takes
guests on the adventures of a penguin
living in Antarctica and with the new
habitat how close are the guests are
gonna be able to get to the Penguins
here banks it's just going to be
terrific our guests as soon as they're
done with the ride they're going to be
immersed right in with the Penguins it's
going to be probably the coldest
attraction you're ever going to see
outside of Antarctica itself he's
checking out the ride vehicle I think it
gives the penguin seal of approval right
this is exactly like how the Penguins
move correct no no
all right so I'm here with Brian Morrow
the creative director of SeaWorld Parks
and Resorts how are you today I am very
well welcome banks thank you this I love
this vehicles very comfy you are one of
the first hundred people to sit in the
world's first motion-based simulator
trackless ride system and this is the
world's first of this type of ride
system right it is the world's first and
it was you know we didn't start
developing the ride based on that
information we developed a ride
experience that we wanted to be highly
unpredictable our guests to be able to
make some choices along the way and what
they wanted to do and also allows our
guests to move inside of Antarctica and
not be bound by ride rails and tracks
and high walls on vehicles notice how
low the vehicle profile is that is
specific to allow our guests even our
shortest of guests to ride side by side
with their family unit and experience
Antarctica together and that's one thing
that I'm wondering about as you say
there is a choice they can choose their
type of adventure they want to go on how
do they make that choice and like
there's eight people in here so what if
some people want something else these
eight people have made their choice
together and so we make that choice in
the queue and that choice relates
primarily to intensity level of ride
experience so that's and that really has
a lot to do with personal choice of what
out you know how do I want to feel
during the ride but also some of its
ride height restriction and some of it
is like ride abilities etc so it's
really a personal choice what you want
to do but even if my family chooses to
do intense and what we'll call the non
intense ride that's not the real works
but we'll just use those for today
they'll still ride and experience
Antarctic together they may be in
different vehicles but they'll be doing
it together and can you are you able to
talk about what some of the stuff that
they'll experience inside the right
what's the vehicle gonna do well this
vehicle is a powerhouse we you know it
can do a lot of things and it's actually
showing us that it can do more than we
thought it could do it allows us to have
movements and ride dynamics that I've
never felt before any theme park
attraction our journey is alongside and
with a very special penguin and his fan
we'll talk about him later not today but
we'll take that journey with him and we
see the world of Antarctica as only he
sees it through his eyes and sometimes
it's recognizable to us and sometimes it
will be brand-new to our guests because
this world as he sees it is not how we
humans see it and so we'll go on to
venture with them and we'll be all over
the place with him and this ride vehicle
enables us to tell that story without
the restrictions of ride pads and
emergency evacuation routes and all the
awful things we typically have to deal
with those are all gone
we made a like kind of like this burial
is free we unrestricted ride experience
for a guest first of its kind on the
planet of course it's all has to do with
Antarctica
how cold is this gonna be well our ride
will eventually our ride will allow our
guests to walk amongst the world's
largest colony of penguins outside of
the continent of Antarctica and our
penguins live in temperatures between 30
and 32 degrees so people going to bring
their coats this ride know what else can
you talk about what what all outside of
the ride what's this whole area gonna
have yeah let's it the rides really
great and it's huge and it's a it's an
amazing attraction but more importantly
Antarctica Empire the penguin is sea
world's largest expansion in our history
it is a full realm located in the center
of our Park once guests walk into that
realm they are completely surrounded by
the ice of Antarctica full-scale we just
talked out our rock work on the outside
and we reinvented what ice rock work
even looks like brand new materials
brand new things happening there that
guests have never seen before and so
that we have we have a full realm we
have a ride experience we have an
enormous penguin habitat and we also
have other things that guests can
experience inside we have culinary and
retail experiences and some other things
we haven't talked about quite yet but
all of you were veiled in spring 2013
open spring 2013
can't wait Brian thank you so much
you